FOCUS #10: Service Name related spec changes (#47)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/dimensions/servicename.md

# Service Name

Service Name is an identifier assigned to a service by the provider. The Service Name is commonly used for cost reporting, analysis and allocation scenarios.

> The Service Name column MUST be present in the cost data. This column MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values.

Reviewer: In other specs, we used the column ID here. Do you have a preference? Either way, we should be consistent.
```suggestion
The ServiceName column MUST be present in the cost data. This column MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values.
```

Author: 100%. Let me update. I made the same comment on the charge type one PR :)
